README.md, before:

# WARNICK v1.4.3
Web-site mirroring tool for archive.org

Developed by Oliver Molini for ProtoWeb.org
Some portions based on warrick.pl by Frank McCown at Old Dominion University

Copyright (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0) Oliver Molini
For further licensing information, please visit.
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/

## Installation
### Script prerequisites
- bash, tee, cut, grep, cat, md5sum, date
- wget, curl
- perl
- RuntimeDirectorySize directive in /etc/systemd/logind.conf set to 50% or more

### Mirror from Github
- Have get.sh and getrel.sh mirrored into an empty directory.
- Make a writable subdirectory called "sites".
 
### Change in runtime requirements
You must edit /etc/systemd/logind.conf and change "RuntimeDirectorySize" directive to.
50% or more. By default, 10% of physical memory is used by the runtime temporary directory.
This may or may not be enough for Warnick to create its temporary log files.
A larger size may be needed for Warnick to run properly.

You may use the software any way you would like, just know you do it at your own risk. 
The developer and the project team members may not be held liable for any damages direct or indirect resulting from the use of this software.

## Usage
```
$ get.sh <URL> [datestring] [owner] [maxdepth]
```
### Examples
```
$ get.sh www.domain.com
$ get.sh www.domain.com 1997 nobody 5
$ get.sh www.domain.com/path/ 199704 nobody 5
$ get.sh www.domain.com/path/file.html 19970411
```
This will mirror the given URL from archive.org and use the datestring to target files that are close to the given date. The web site  will be stored under the subdirectory ./sites/www.domain.com"

## Parameters explained
### URL
Mirror an Wayback Machine URL specified with this parameter.
The "http://" -prefix is not required.

### Datestring
Target a specific date. The targeted date will be used when discovering files from archive.org. Datestring must be given in YYYYMMDD or YYYYMM or YYYY format. You may omit the day or month and day.

### Owner 
This sets the job owner for the script. Use "nobody" here at all times, unless the script is used as part of a web integration in a multiuser environment.

### Maxdepth
Override the default maxdepth value specified with the $defaultmaxdepth environment variable. 

This sets the default maximum depth hardlimit, and will exit the subprocess once the limit has been reached. If the site is large, do not use much more than 5 or 6 here, to prevent the script from entering seemingly neverending infinite loops. In many cases a page that is 5 links deep can be reached from a page that is at a shallower depth, unless the web site happens to be a portal, so it should be relatively safe to use a lower value here, such as 4 or 5.

## Important!
If you specify a maxdepth, you must also specify an owner. Owner must always be "nobody", or $defaultowner, unless used in a web integration with ProtoWeb.

## Known bugs
Occasionally Warnick tends to get stuck in an infinite loop with a website. If you run into this bug, as a workaround, you can either use it on subdirectories of the site, until the culprit is found, or use a smaller maxdepth value.

Commit message:

Warnick 1.4.4 documentation
The problem with infinite loops has been addressed. There is still an issue with parsing links, which has been around from earlier versions as well. This is noted in "known bugs" section.

README.md, after:

# WARNICK v1.4.4
Web-site mirroring tool for archive.org

Developed by Oliver Molini for ProtoWeb.org
Some portions based on warrick.pl by Frank McCown at Old Dominion University

Copyright (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0) Oliver Molini
For further licensing information, please visit.
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/

## Installation
### Script prerequisites
- bash, tee, cut, grep, cat, md5sum, date
- wget, curl
- perl
- RuntimeDirectorySize directive in /etc/systemd/logind.conf set to 50% or more

### Mirror from Github
- Have get.sh and getrel.sh mirrored into an empty directory.
- Make a writable subdirectory called "sites".
 
### Change in runtime requirements
You must edit /etc/systemd/logind.conf and change "RuntimeDirectorySize" directive to.
50% or more. By default, 10% of physical memory is used by the runtime temporary directory.
This may or may not be enough for Warnick to create its temporary log files.
A larger size may be needed for Warnick to run properly.

You may use the software any way you would like, just know you do it at your own risk. 
The developer and the project team members may not be held liable for any damages direct or indirect resulting from the use of this software.

## Usage
```
$ get.sh <URL> [datestring] [owner] [maxdepth]
```
### Examples
```
$ get.sh www.domain.com
$ get.sh www.domain.com 1997 nobody 5
$ get.sh www.domain.com/path/ 199704 nobody 5
$ get.sh www.domain.com/path/file.html 19970411
```
This will mirror the given URL from archive.org and use the datestring to target files that are close to the given date. The web site  will be stored under the subdirectory ./sites/www.domain.com"

## Parameters explained
### URL
Mirror an Wayback Machine URL specified with this parameter.
The "http://" -prefix is not required.

### Datestring
Target a specific date. The targeted date will be used when discovering files from archive.org. Datestring must be given in YYYYMMDD or YYYYMM or YYYY format. You may omit the day or month and day.

### Owner 
This sets the job owner for the script. Use "nobody" here at all times, unless the script is used as part of a web integration in a multiuser environment.

### Maxdepth
Override the default maxdepth value specified with the $defaultmaxdepth environment variable. 

This sets the default maximum depth hardlimit, and will exit the subprocess once the limit has been reached. If the site is large, do not use much more than 5 or 6 here, to prevent the script from entering seemingly neverending infinite loops. In many cases a page that is 5 links deep can be reached from a page that is at a shallower depth, unless the web site happens to be a portal, so it should be relatively safe to use a lower value here, such as 4 or 5.

## Important!
If you specify a maxdepth, you must also specify an owner. Owner must always be "nobody", or $defaultowner, unless used in a web integration with ProtoWeb.

## Known bugs
Some links are not parsed properly. This happens with non-standard links with spaces in odd places, such as <a href = link.html>. This issue will be fixed in the next version.
